lsf-project-2-proposal.md, before:

# Project Proposal

For my second project, I aim to create a web app that takes an input of one or more track/artist from spotify and generates a playlist based around it. I also want to incorporate an option that filters for only less popular music in order to dredge up deeper tracks.

## Routes and models

I will be using a model for songs that stores only a few of the properties of spotify's song documents.

First i will be using a GET request to the spotify API that accepts the parameter of a song URL or objectID to fetch a songs information from spotify. Then comes another get request to spotify that uses the genre/popularity parameters to search for music that shares the same genres. From there, each chosen song will be POSTed on my remote API as a document. A DELETE request will be put in place to handle disposing of entire playlists, and a PUT request will be up for editing songs within existing playlists.

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to save my liked songs, ideally specifically under my username.
- As a user, I want confirmation that my inputs went through, and that the get request is successful.
- As a user, I want to see my entire playlist with song previews and album art, and have the option to remove songs from my playlist.
- As a user, I should be able to browse all of my past playlists.

#### MVP Goals

I want a simple interface in which I can feed a song url and a popularity quotient. I want to return a list of 20 songs (or however many match the parameters), and I want to see them presented in a clear concise manner.

#### Stretch Goals

I want to store playlists or individual songs on my remote API, and make them retrievable at a later time. I want to embed song previews, album art, and other info. I want to see if I can effectively implement a loading screen.

Commit message:

very basic recommendation fetch working with audio previews

lsf-project-2-proposal.md, after:

# Project Proposal

For my second project, I aim to create a web app that takes an input of one or more track/artist from spotify and generates a batch of recommendations based around it. I also want to incorporate an option that filters for only less popular music in order to dredge up deeper tracks.

## Routes and models

I will be using a model for songs that stores only a few of the properties of spotify's song documents. Songs will be stored within another model for batches of recommendations.

First i will be using a GET request to the spotify API that accepts the parameter of a song URL or objectID to fetch a songs information from spotify. Then comes another get request to spotify that uses the genre/popularity parameters to search for music that shares the same genres. From there, each chosen song will be POSTed on my remote API as a document. A DELETE request will be put in place to handle disposing of entire playlists, and a PUT request will be up for editing songs within existing playlists.

My database will be seeded by querying the spotify API based on given parameters, and storing songs as new documents with a limited number of parameters. 

I will have a separate collection for posting liked songs from batches.

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to save my liked songs, ideally specifically under my username.
- As a user, I want confirmation that my inputs went through, and that the get request is successful.
- As a user, I want to see my entire playlist with song previews and album art, and have the option to remove songs from my playlist.
- As a user, I should be able to browse all of my past playlists.

#### MVP Goals

I want a simple interface in which I can feed a song url and a popularity quotient. I want to return a list of 20 songs (or however many match the parameters), and I want to see them presented in a clear concise manner.

#### Stretch Goals

I want to store playlists or individual songs on my remote API, and make them retrievable at a later time. 
I want to embed song previews, album art, and other info. 
I want to see if I can effectively implement a loading screen.
I want to be able to add songs to a playlist from my app, if the spotify API doesnt limit me making too many requests.


- rescope
- move batches to stretch goals
- create a superuser model
- create a favorites model
- favorites will have a userID as reference
